Q) Journey Extension: Imagine extending your Swiss journey to neighboring countries. 
How would you adapt your travel checklist? Relate this to the concept of inheritance 
and polymorphism in software design.

as we are extending our travel from swiss to france

inheritance : as we planned the travel to swiss and after some days we are willing
to go and meet our friend who is in france which is neighboring countrie for the 
swiss. In this case we want to write an new checklist following by the our existing
checklist of swiss country planning.

polymarphism : At first as we planned to  travel around the swiss we should convert
our Indian currency to franc to survive in swiss but as we are extending our journy
to france we have to change out money of franc into euros , here the class money 
same but it.s form of county to country it will differ.

relating to the software design

** single responsibility principle : as we are travelling around the swiss we have money
with us to buy food and to do shopping and if we are extending our travel from
swiss to france in this case as well we want money to buy food and to do shopping
here the class money is taking single responsibility of surving in the different
countries,

** Open/Closed Principle: At first we planned to go trip for swss but we extended out 
trip from swiss to france by using inheritance of the existing checklist , in this
case new checklist it opened for the extension from swiss travel to france but 
it is closed to modifications in our existing checklist of Swiss

** Liskov Substitution Principle:while we are planning to trevel around the swiss we 
will make all the things get ready and we will arrange our food plans and hotel
plans according to the cost of those things in Swiss. Here our correcteness is getting
food and shelter . while we are extending our travel to france our correctness of
food and shelter will not change but it's cost and type of the food that we are taking 
will differ.

** Interface Segregation Principle: as we are extending our travel from Swiss to france
we don't know about the france so that we will check about the famous things to visit
in France and we will take the expirience of our friends who already visited the France

** Dependency Inversion Principle: we are extending our plane from Swiss travel to
france travel here Swiss planning is highlevel module where the france travel is
lowlevel module . so that our france trevel will depend on the end of our Swiss travel



