Q) Map Creation: Think of a real-world system, like a library or a shopping mall. 
How would you model it using OOP concepts? What are the objects, 
their attributes, and behaviors? How do they interact?

for this map creation I am taking shopping mall as an example to Encapsulation
the OOP's concept.

Encapsulation:as we know that the encapsulation is securing the important data.

if we take shopping mall to exaplain what is  encapsulation, they secure their
workers details, and thier daily profits from the unauthorized access.

Inheritance: Deriving the data or methods from the existing class to form a 
new class is called inheritance 

while starting the shopping mall they will have an list of things that they want 
sell in that shopping mall but as customers recomendation of later one week
they may need to add some other things to the existing data
example:imagine they have a list like kicthen things and cloths collection to start 
thire shopping mall but after one week they want to add accessories to the main list 

polymarphism:the same class used to form the different objects.

In shopping mall they may order the sarees which have same design and quality but
with the different colors

abstraction : hiding the unneccesary functionalities

as we are disccussing shopping mall as an example in this situation we no need to 
known hoe the shopping mall getting profits and the salary of thire workers and as
well as how they are transporting the things.

objects , attibutes and thire behaviours in shopping mall

objects:
1) cloths
2) jewelry
3) footware
4) home goods
attributes:
1) quality
2) price
3) count of the things
4) shelfves
5) blocks
behaviours
1) buying the things
2) creding
3) trying on cloths

In shopping mall we have different objects linke cloths,jewelry,footware and ect..
if any customer go for the shopping then they will check for thire needs by checking 
attributes of that object like it's quality and price and they try on that object if 
they like it they will buy it


